feat: Initial integration docs (#140)
babylonlabs-io/bbn-wallet-connect: docs/wallet-integration.md

Author: Done

> ## Wallet Integration

Reviewer: I recommend this guide is structured as follows:

Two ways to integrate a wallet:

1. Browser extension wallets: <Some text explaining that wallets should be integrated through Tomo Connect and that native integrations happen infrequently only for critical wallets for Babylon (see my above text)>
2. Mobile wallets: <Text explaining the interfaces that should be injected>

Some stuff is not needed, see individual comments below.

Author: Done

> ## Wallet Integration

Author: Done

This guide explains how to integrate wallets with the Babylon staking dApp. The
dApp supports both Bitcoin (BTC) and Babylon (BBN) wallets through two
integration paths:

> ### 1. Integration Through Tomo Connect SDK Lite (Recommended)

Reviewer: I would make this a single section outlining Browser Extension Wallets

Author: Done

> The recommended way to integrate your wallet with Babylon staking dApp is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended way to integrate your wallet with Babylon staking app is
```

Let's call it an app

Author: Done

through
[Tomo Connect SDK Lite](https://docs.tomo.inc/tomo-sdk/tomo-connect-sdk-lite).
This provides:

- Simplified integration process
- Broader wallet ecosystem access

> - Maintained by Tomo team

Reviewer: We don't have to sell it. We are stating what users should do and we should be clear why we recommend users to work with Tomo Connect: Native integrations are maintained by us and we are only going to do it for critical wallets.

Author: Removed

We strongly encourage wallet developers to integrate via Tomo Connect first.
Please refer to Tomo's documentation for integration details.

### 2. Direct Native Integration

Direct native integration should only be considered if Tomo Connect integration

> is not feasible for your use case. This repository contains a set of natively

Reviewer: Direct native integration happens based on our choice, not if it is feasible for the third party wallet's use case or not.

Author: Done

integrated wallets that are maintained by the Babylon team.

### Supported Wallet Types

> #### Bitcoin (BTC) Wallets

Reviewer: I don't understand the need for this section, I would remove it.

Author: Done

Both native and injectable wallets must implement the `IBTCProvider` interface.

1. Native Wallets

- Browser extension wallets like `OKX` and `OneKey`
- Hardware wallets like `Keystone`
- Note: Native wallet integrations are managed by the Babylon team

2. Injectable Wallets

- No repository changes required
- Must inject implementation into `window.btcwallet`
- Common in mobile wallet browsers

> #### Babylon (BBN) Wallets

Reviewer: I don't understand the need for this section, I would remove it.

Author: Done

Both native and injectable wallets must implement the `IBBNProvider` interface.

1. Native Wallets

- Browser extension wallets like Keplr
- Note: Native wallet integrations are managed by the Babylon team

2. Injectable Wallets

- No repository changes required
- Must inject implementation into `window.bbnwallet`
- Common in mobile wallet browsers

> ### Integration Process

Reviewer: I would make this a single section for Mobile Wallets integration, explaining the required interface.

Author: Done

#### 1. Implement Provider Interface

> Choose the appropriate interface based on your wallet type:

Reviewer: I'm ok with copy pasting though, it's fairly common in some docs. It makes the guide much easier to read and maintenance overhead should be minimal if the coder and reviewer remember this.

> Choose the appropriate interface based on your wallet type:

Author: Done

```ts
// For BTC wallets
interface IBTCProvider {
  connectWallet(): Promise<void>;
  getAddress(): Promise<string>;
  getPublicKeyHex(): Promise<string>;
  signPsbt(psbtHex: string): Promise<string>;
  signPsbts(psbtsHexes: string[]): Promise<string[]>;
  getNetwork(): Promise<Network>;
  signMessage(message: string, type: "ecdsa"): Promise<string>;
  getInscriptions(): Promise<InscriptionIdentifier[]>;
  on(eventName: string, callBack: () => void): void;
  off(eventName: string, callBack: () => void): void;
  getWalletProviderName(): Promise<string>;
  getWalletProviderIcon(): Promise<string>;
}

// For BBN wallets
interface IBBNProvider {
  connectWallet(): Promise<void>;
  getAddress(): Promise<string>;
  getPublicKeyHex(): Promise<string>;
  getOfflineSigner(): Promise<OfflineAminoSigner & OfflineDirectSigner>;
  getWalletProviderName(): Promise<string>;
  getWalletProviderIcon(): Promise<string>;
}
```

#### 2. Integration Method

> For Native Wallets:

Reviewer: Why are we listing native integration here? I thought this was a guide for external actors and we don't invite external actors to do native integration.

Author: Done

- [Wallet Integration](#wallet-integration)
  - [1. Browser extension wallets](#1-browser-extension-wallets)
  - [2. Mobile wallets](#2-mobile-wallets)

> > ⚠️ **IMPORTANT WARNING**
> >
> > Making breaking changes to wallet implementations **will cause severe issues**
> > and unexpected behavior.
> >
> > - Always maintain backwards compatibility
> > - Test thoroughly before deploying changes
> >
> > If you're unsure about a change, please reach out to the Babylon team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **IMPORTANT**: Breaking changes to the wallet methods used by
> the Babylon web application are likely to cause incompatibility with it
> or lead to unexpected behavior with severe consequences.
> 
> Please make sure to always maintain backwards compatibility and
> test thoroughly all changes affecting the methods required by
> the Babylon web application. If you are unsure about a change,
> please reach out to the Babylon Labs team.
```

## Wallet Integration

This guide explains how to integrate wallets with the Babylon staking app. The
dApp supports both Bitcoin and Babylon wallets through two integration paths:

### 1. Browser extension wallets

The recommended way to integrate your wallet with Babylon staking app is through
[Tomo Connect SDK Lite](https://docs.tomo.inc/tomo-sdk/tomo-connect-sdk-lite).
Please refer to Tomo's documentation for integration details.

### 2. Mobile wallets

Full interface definitions can be found here:

- [IBTCProvider Interface](../src/core/types.ts#L135)
- [IBBNProvider Interface](../src/core/types.ts#L218)

1. Implement provider interface
2. Inject into `window` before loading dApp:

```ts
// For Bitcoin wallets
window.btcwallet = new BTCWalletImplementation();

// For Babylon wallets
window.bbnwallet = new BBNWalletImplementation();

> ```

Reviewer: Don't think we need this separate file. I think we can move the `Browser extension wallets` and `Mobile wallets` section under the `Wallet Developers` section on the `README.md` file (to replace the bulleted list we have there). The warning that is on the top of this doc can also be placed there.

Author: Done
